Welcome to your second interview question for product design and metrics.
So for the next few questions we're going to be discussing different aspects of the same scenario.
So let's go ahead and describe the situation.
So here's the situation.
Google has released a new version of their search algorithm.
So when you go to their home page you type in a word to search and Google just released the new version
of it and they're going to do some AB testing on this.
Now they're in the testing process.
What the engineers realized is that the new algorithm wasn't actually implemented correctly and return
the less relevant results.
So two things happened during this testing.
People in the treatment group performed more queries in the control group.
That is the treatment group got that new version of the algorithm that had less relevant results and
they were actually performing more queries than the control group.
The other thing that happened was that advertising revenue was higher in the treatment group as well.
So that means two things that are occurring here is that people who are receiving the search results
of this less relevant new algorithm the one that had the mistaken it they are performing more queries.
And there's also more advertising revenue to the treatment group versus the control group which was
receiving the base and correct algorithm.
So the first question for the situation is the following.
What may be the cause of people in the treatment group performing more searches than the control group
OK.
We'll go ahead and discuss possible ways of answering the question in the next solution lecture.